---
title: 'TOP SECRET - HOMO EGRESSUS'
description: 'A secret UN report about the Homo egressus'
pubDate: 'Dec 08 2023'
heroImage: '/3.0 lowres.png'
---
# TOP SECRET

**WARNING: THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS CLASSIFIED INFORMATION**
Unauthorized access, possession, disclosure, or dissemination of the contents herein is strictly prohibited and may result in severe legal and disciplinary actions. This document is protected by the United Nations Intelligence and Monitoring Act, and any breach of security will be subject to prosecution.
 
Access to this classified information is granted solely on a need-to-know basis, and its content is intended for the eyes of authorized personnel only. Any person not cleared for access must exit this document immediately.
 
_Top Secret – No. 021023_
_September 23, 20XX_
_United Nations_


Homo egressus is a species of human thought to have evolved around 0.5 Ma, as a European offshoot of Homo erectus. More adapted to cold, it would migrate further north into Europe. It is still unclear how H. egressus reached the lands known as Hyperborea. Based on descriptions and maps gathered through expeditions to Asgard, hypothetical entry points include the Taymyr Peninsula in Siberia, the island of Novaya Zemlya, and the islands of Greenland and the Svalbard archipelago. These last two would require navigational skills, which are attested for Homo erectus, but not on the scale required to reach Hyperborea either from Novaya Zemlya or the Scandinavian Peninsula. A passage through a narrow strait in the Taymyr Peninsula is therefore the most likely migration route, coincidentally in accordance with ancient Greek interpretations of where Hyperborea was located. Due to the heat generated by its budding sun, Hyperborea and its surrounding lands were mild in temperature, which allowed H. egressus to settle it.
Around 100 kya, Homo egressus began to form the first societies in Hyperborea. Around this time, they would come to understand the nature of their lands, making use of the young sun orbiting Hyperborea as well as the Azoth supply located in the land’s opening towards Agartha. This advantage is the main reason for the accelerated progress of their civilization, becoming masters of the environment while other hominids were still in their prehistoric stage. In the following millennia, Homo egressus, now with the name hyperboreans[1], would spread out and occupy the rest of the Earth, focusing particularly on the continents 

[1] Commonly extended to “Old Hyperboreans” to distinguish them from the current inhabitants of Asgard, Valhalla and Hyperborea.
of Atlantis, Lemuria, and Mu, as well as the city of Iram of the Pillars, located in the Arabian Peninsula. During this time, other hominids would either serve as slaves to hyperboreans or continue to live as hunter-gatherers in isolation from their civilizations.
Around 70 kya, the hyperborean peoples already understood the nature of Gaia and the potential for magic in the Wastes and in the Akuparan southern hemisphere. Seeking to advance their civilizations, most hyperboreans chose to relocate to those lands. Using their advanced technology and their control over the Aether and the Azoth, they lifted their home continents and cities and conducted them south of Antarctica, towards the edge of the third globe, Akupara, along with Azoth reservoirs gathered from Agartha, which sealed its entrance. The Atlanteans would settle around the eastern edge of the Scorched Wastes, near what would eventually become the Sunken Wastes. The Iramites would relocate their city under a mountain range, artificially extending it with caves and underground lakes. The Muians would establish themselves at the northeastern edge of the Abyssal Ocean, near the western limit of the Volcanic Wastes. The Lemurians would live near the Frozen Wastes. Finally, the Hyperboreans would keep Hyperborea floating above the continent of Asgard, connected with the eponymous walls. These five races of hyperboreans have been denominated Subnoteans, and have remained in their places of arrival, perfecting their societies and waging war with the entities that inhabit the Wastes. Nonetheless, some mixed populations of Homo egressus and mostly Homo sapiens ancestry decided to stay on Earth and continue to rule over the land. These populations would receive the collective name of “Nephilim”.
During a period estimated at around 70 kya to 30 kya, the Nephilim would continue to rule over the remains of the structures the hyperboreans built, relying on human slaves with an increasingly greater frequency. However, their superior abilities were declining, attributable to the fact that they had lost their main supply of Azoth with the closing of the Hyperborean entrance to Agartha. Since they were also small in number, they had to rely on humans to produce enough offspring, which diluted their bloodlines. Seeking to retain their powers, the Nephilim would try to contact the Subnoteans and ask them for methods to restore and revitalize their bodies and civilizations. However, the Subnoteans would not respond, but the Nephilim got an answer nonetheless, through an antenna built in the center of the Richat structure, which was at the time an Atlantean structure. During this time period, megalithic structures and temples were built all across Earth, in which human sacrifice and similar occult practices took place, as the Nephilim sought to gather enough Orgone energy to fuel their advantages. Around this time, the Moon was built, serving as an Aether suppressant due to its “cold” light, which gave potency to the ceremonies. With this, the Nephilim regained their lost abilities, and continued to strive to go back to the heights of their hyperborean ancestors.
At about 11 kya, however, it was revealed that the beings that had helped them were not the Subnoteans, but instead a race of “serpents” inhabiting the Wastes. These “serpents”, known today as Anunnaki, are the overseers of the 13 Families, to whom the United Nations is subordinate. This revelation made the Nephilim battle one another in a worldwide conflict spanning two thousand years. One side was favorable to the Anunnaki, with an empire led by a man named Nimrod, and therefore named “Nimrodites”. Nimrodite control was seemingly centered in the Richat structure and spread across Africa, parts of the Americas and Europe, with an apparent secondary command center having existed around modern northern Europe, specifically Finland. Their symbol, the serpent, is still used today. There is no definite consensus on the territories controlled by the Ozymandites, but they seemed to have been active across Asia, the Nile delta, parts of the Americas and, in particular, the Korean Peninsula. Their symbol was the eagle, which today remains in use mostly by groups affiliated to the United Nations, though some pro-Ozymandite groups still exist. The conflict pushed another group of Nephilim, the Turanians, to abandon Earth and settle in the Akuparan continent of Amun-Ra. During the war, humans began to revolt against the Nephilim, with various degrees of success. After millennia of warfare, the Nimrodites managed to defeat the Ozymandites. According to literary records, Ozymandias was buried alive in one of his pyramids. His supporters were massacred, and the ones who survived forced to go into hiding. At this time, Nimrod’s supporters carried out a ritual that, if successful, would have given one of the Anunnaki the ability to directly step on Earth. The attempt failed, and every mage in the empire was simultaneously killed. Coincidentally, this event coincided with a period of great environmental change, postulated to have been caused by a comet hitting North America and setting off the Younger Dryas cooling, releasing huge quantities of water. It has been proposed that the impact was delivered as a Subnotean attack, with the Lemurians being the most likely culprits. The ensuing earthquakes, floods and tidal waves are thought to have been the reason for the destruction of most of the remaining Nephilim infrastructure, including the Richat structure. According to legends, Nimrod died due to Shem, the ancestor of Semites, cutting him to pieces and spreading them across the world.
Thus, Nephilim civilization fell, and they were reduced to a collection of disparate, usually uncivilized giants, which some humans still adored as gods. With the years, they would either die off or integrate into human populations. It is believed that many mythological heroes are collective memories of those Nephilim ancestors. Some would remain hidden, maintaining a low profile or sleeping indefinitely in stasis. However, humans, no longer enslaved, began the process of killing off all giants on Earth, which would be largely successful. The exact date of the end of giants varies with the region. For example, in Mesoamerica, the last giants were those of Teotihuacan, who were finally exterminated around the 8th century. In Patagonia, the ruling giants survived up until the Magellan expedition, who captured one before detouring to find the Ice Wall. Their city, the City of the Caesars, would then fly away and join the Chinvatian Isles. There are still reports about giants in the mountains of Afghanistan, including a fight between members of the U.S. army and a gigantic, red-haired man. The body of the man was taken to an undisclosed location property of the United Nations, where it was confirmed that he was of Nephilim ancestry, specifically a descendant of Golok royalty. Golok and Rapa Nuian Nephilim were officially eradicated following the Mudflood, and the Turanians cut off from Earth. Successive U.N. reconnaissance missions have failed to find any other giant, although their continued existence cannot be ruled out.
However, giants are not the only form of Nephilim. Around the 14th century BC, most of the Nephilim around the world, generally Nimrodites but also some Ozymandites, reunited in Canaan, after being exterminated in Greece, Scandinavia and China. There, they ruled the local city-states as god-kings until the arrival of the Israelites, who began to destroy their cities. To stop this, almost all gathered to ask the Anunnaki to make them almost indistinguishable from humans, gaining intellect and magical abilities in exchange. And so, these Nephilim would become the ruling elites of many human societies, up until the present day, as almost all the nations of Earth are under the control of Nephilim circles, human in appearance but with substantial Homo egressus ancestry and abilities. To keep them, they make deals with the Anunnaki to preserve their abilities while taking orders from them.
Currently, the Subnoteans still inhabit their home continents and pose a steep obstacle to the establishing of Anunnaki influence in Gaia. One exception comes in the form of the Lemurians, who were slowly decimated after millenia of resistance. By the time of the Black Moon event, only a handful remained, and with the Black Moon, which cut off the Anunnaki from the Nephilim, all died except for Lilitu and Yakub, the former emperors of Lemuria. It is unclear if the two events are related or not. Yakub was slain by Robenson Laguerre around the start of the Mudflood, which temporarily deactivated the Lemurian defenses and allowed a fleet of Greys to enter Gaia. Nikola Tesla subsequently reactivated the defensive array, and is believed to still remain in Lemuria. The current whereabouts of Lilitu or her descendants, as well as any actions they might have taken since the Black Moon event, are unknown.
